I'm Gloria's Uptown Burbank. Once again, Harmontown is now in session.
It's so good to be back. We missed you guys. You know who I missed the most? The Game Master, Spencer Crittenden.
I never stop missing the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. What a crowd. What a crowd.
Yeah.
So there's too many variables for us to track. We now don't know, is Saturday night a better night?
Have we been slowly, because my liberal views have slowly seeped out and have they alienated one Nazi that's been replaced by five Democrats?
Or are Bernie Crats just more patient, or do they have less to do on Saturdays?
I don't know. We took off a bunch of weeks off. Should we just do the show once a month and then have a heightened interest?
Steve Levy with Ice, everybody. Steve Levy.
Flattered by your numbers and your applause. Thank you. Was that a sneeze or Italian blood?
He said frost. He said what?
He said frost. Frosty.
Frosty?
Frosty? I hope not.
Could be Tourette's. We don't know. You can't make fun of people anymore. We got an internet now. No matter how silly someone is, you can find out how they feel.
It just ruins everything. If Octomom happened tomorrow, there would be a Tumblr blog from her the next day where she's just like, here's how it feels to be Octomom.
And we'd be like, fuck me. Yeah, be an Octomom. Everything. We're an admirer of information. We're not learning anything. We're not getting smarter.
We're getting scared. We're chimpanzees and we just have alarm signals. We talked about that in our pockets.
And also listed things to talk about in our pockets too. I was watching Intervention again. This note could be from anywhere in the last ten years.
And someone used the phrase short end of the stick and Cody, my girlfriend, brought up an interesting point. I've never really examined that phrase.
She's like, what's with this short end of the stick? Just pull the stick. You get a whole stick. Why is this short end of the stick? How can you have a short end of a stick?
It doesn't even make sense. Maybe it's like drawing straws or maybe you have to grab it and whoever grabs it has less stick. That's the person that's chosen.
A stick has two ends and neither are shorter than the other. For sure.
But if two people are grabbing it at the same time, maybe one end is sticking out.
You're referring to that crazy baseball bat game with the hands.
That's a total guess. That's probably wrong.
Let's just think about this, you guys. If you were to grab a stick, which end would you grab? The short end or the tall end?
There is no...
Yeah, no, the tall end. You would grab the tall end. If you're a baseball player, you want the short end because you need more bats to be able to hit the ball.
How do you know when you're grabbing? How do you grab the tall end by putting your hand lower or higher?
You've got to grab the tall end.
I can understand because we have wishbones in our culture, but that's like a slingshot and you pull and there's a way to get the short end.
Also, short end of the stick, it always means... there's not luck involved usually. Short end of the stick is more like, oh yeah, we decided to do a designated driver program and then my turn came up on prom night.
I kind of got the short end of the stick there. It wasn't like a luck of the draw as much as it was. I got fucked by the system.
Short end of the stick. I agree with Cody. Don't be such a cynic. Just grab the stick. You've got a whole stick.
Now you won the stick contest. You've got a whole stick, whatever that's where. You're imprisoned in a matrix where you're valuing the ends of sticks and someone's laughing at you.
Big stick is laughing at you. Long stick is laughing at you.
Boy, this new note taking app. It just says leaks. That's all it says.
It looks like it used to be the worst end of the staff.
And then it got changed to the short end of the stick.
I was just reading about it. There's the wrong end of the stick, the wrong end of the staff. It's a medieval origin thing.
So to be on the wrong end of the staff, the short end, I don't know.
Again, I would want to be on the short end because there's less stick to get hit with.
If somebody's waving you this much stick, I can whack him that much. See what I'm talking about?
I want to be on the shorter end of my stick. I want you on the wrong end of my stick.
You're saying that if someone's holding a stick, then if the long end is pointing at you, then you're getting stabbed.
If the short end is pointing at you, they're committing Harry Carey in front of you.
But the expression means to get the shit end of a bargain or to get something wrong.
It's inverted in that.
That's why I would have been the first to die in the medieval times.
You know what always hangs me up is the business end of things.
Oh, I'm at the business end of a revolver. I'm not sure. I've got to remember what you mean by that.
I don't know. Are you holding the revolver or are you about to get shot?
The business is where the bullet comes out.
Are you the customer of a revolver if you're getting shot? I don't know. You pay no money.
You go cruising for cruising.
You are stimulating the marketplace by being a dead person.
This is like, oh, I want more of those. You're in the market for getting shot.
You're entering the market, baby.
I was watching Intervention and there was a woman today. Here's the thing about Intervention.
I watch it relentlessly. Of course, there's the joke. I'm addicted to Intervention.
But here's my confession about Intervention as I think I've confessed before.
It's truly a guilty pleasure beyond, like, let's watch Gremlins 2, Guilty Pleasure.
This is truly a guilty pleasure because I watch Intervention with Cody and we absolutely pick and choose who deserves recovery.
Based on what they did to earn their addiction.
If you got molested, pass. You're done. You're fine.
I don't care how much of a prick you are to your parents at 35 and how much coke you need to keep doing.
If there's some story from your past where you went camping and someone was like, let me show you how to fish.
They meant something else. You can do as much coke as you want and you can throw chairs at Jeff Van Vondren.
I don't care. You're cool. I root for you. I hope you recover.
There was this Indian guy. He was adopted by this beautiful white Christian family.
They looked like a crazy 80's Christmas card, this family.
Also, as an extension of their Christianity, they adopted this kid from India who was two years old when he came over.
He probably only had the vaguest unconscious memories of, like, he was found in a pool of diarrhea or something.
They were a dire rescuing human from a part of the earth where the parents weren't in surplus.
Then he grew up as part of this Christian family. They thought, oh, you're so brown, but we love you.
They were doing it wrong. They were like, you look just like us to us.
It's just sort of war on them. Then he was like, I don't know. I kind of feel better when I do heroin.
They were like, yeah, but Jesus would be even better than that heroin.
He had my permission to be all fucked up.
But then Candy Finnegan comes in through the skylight. She's like, I was adopted. If you're adopted, Candy Finnegan will sort your shit out, man.
Sorry, anyways. I was at intervention. There was a woman. It said she's been addicted to crack for 30 years.
I mean, mission accomplished. Did she invent crack? She must have smoked the first crack, and she's doing fine.
She knows exactly how much to not do.
Yeah, she's like Mr. Robot with the morphine. Is he Mr. Robot? Don't tell me.
What? The pool of diarrhea?
I'm not trying to be like, what? I'm saying they adopted this kid.
That's so much diarrhea.
Well, you saw a slim dog millionaire, right? No, no.
There's a pool of diarrhea scene. It just, it sounds like it costs money to make a pool of diarrhea.
That's not something that happens from lack of upkeep that takes work and money.
What else is in here?
What if you were the pool guy? That's the worst job.
You're checking the levels. Yeah, it's diarrhea. You're picturing like a pool swimming pool of diarrhea.
Why are you paying me to get leaves out of a pool of diarrhea?
And why did it have to be Olympic size? This is why the Olympics don't come here.
I think the Olympics come into LA in 2020.
Oh my God, I'm so mad about that. I hate the Olympics, you guys, and fuck everybody and fuck America.
We should do the show on Saturdays. We got Feisty Spencer, we got a packed house.
I know. That's one of the few things I could talk about. I don't like the Olympics.
Because the Olympics come to town and they...
I don't like the IOC. They're bad people. They come in and they're like...
The International Olympic Commission?
Yeah, they're like, give us all the money because we're the Olympics. They're like a mafia.
They just come around and they're like, it would be a shame if the Olympics weren't allowed to happen in your city.
Maybe you build a couple of stadiums.
Yeah, because every 10-day Olympics comes to town when they went to London, when they went to Rio.
The people all go broke. The traffic sucks. You're late for work. Your life is miserable.
And a bunch of people that run contracting for like the soccer stadiums and for all the infrastructure,
they all get rich, but it's all kickbacks. It's all their crony friends and stuff like that.
And the IOC is suing all the while. They're just sending out lawsuits.
The gold medal burger? Fuck you. Pay us money. You got the Olympics special because we're in your town
and everyone Olympics is in your town. Pay us money because you can't use the rings.
Like, you know, they're bad people.
They told, and our guest tonight probably maybe knows better about this.
They told people in London, they're like, yeah, the commute times are going to be longer,
so just get up early. Go to work early.
That was their solve for that was like, don't complain about the travel time. Just work longer.
Wasn't there a bus driver's strike around then too? Who cares?
And it's all under the umbrella, obviously, just as everything in Hollywood is kind of under the umbrella
of like, oh, you're a PA and you don't like being awake for 16 hours and changing my cat's box.
Like, what, you hate Marilyn Monroe or something?
You know, it's like, we get away with a lot of abuse in Hollywood because it's Hollywood
and everyone wants to be in it. So the Olympics got to be like, oh, your city doesn't want
the single global, I'm trying to riff the, you know, the Olympics are cool.
The Olympics represent international harmony, so you can't say I don't want the Olympics here.
Right, but I wonder how it breaks down. Well, let's talk to a Londoner.
This guy's also an amazing standup that I just met on Thursday and then I kept running into him.
I'm like, come on, come on the show, man. He's got this documentary series that you can tell from.
I can tell from the trailer is really good, but haven't actually seen it. It's on Vice Land.
It's called Hate Thy Neighbor, but you can absolutely tell it's awesome.
Please welcome Jamali Maddox.
Can you talk like a chimney sweep?
No. That's the thing is like, people think we actually talk like that.
But me saying it right now, I think that I probably do sound like a chimney sweep.
To us, you do. To us.
I'm like saying it like, we don't all talk like chimney sweeps.
The label's like, you sound like a chimney sweep, right?
You sound more like a chimney sweep than us doing our best impression of a chimney sweep.
Right, but then Jewish as well is, I know coming here, I didn't realize that people get surprised
of this accent coming out of this face.
Right.
Like people expect like a guy riding a horse and I come along and go, hey, you know, brown-skinned dude.
You think we expect you to be riding a horse without actually?
I thought people would send me to be white, but they want to jump in there too quickly.
I mean, the whitest thing in the world would be just to be coming down the street on a horse.
That's how white people are living nowadays, man.
That's the Trump dream.
We're going to be back right now.
Who get horses?
A horse on every stable.
That's what's making America great.
Let's go back to that day in time where everybody rode horses.
That's what make America great means.
If you could just have enough technology to breed horses that ate coal, we would be very happy.
That would be our dream.
So you could have a literally a 10-horse powered horse.
And then everyone could just like, yeah, and there would just be waiting and shit outside.
Like the shit would like, there would be like a holiday where all the poor people cleaned up the shit
and played frisbee with it.
Playing frisbee with the shit.
To what extent?
Wait, why did that get a laugh?
Did I ignore a question or did I?
You just very nonchalantly glossed over.
He said, why play frisbee with the shit?
You said, why?
Okay, that's why.
I recognize that laugh as Dan ignored a question.
I said, why frisbee as opposed to what?
Then a plastic frisbee.
I don't know why.
This isn't going to hold up to a lot of questions, but...
I was imagining that like, I guess I have an ancestry from Oklahoma.
And there's like a lot of jokes about like buffalo chips.
I don't know, like there's like disc shaped like manure.
And I think there's like people that like throw it in contests.
Maybe that was in my iCloud.
But I was just generally kind of like imagining like, how would corporate America turn cleaning up shit into a sport or a fun activity?
It's a great activity next to your pool of diarrhea.
It's extreme shit.
How would you sponsor it?
Well, we're on questions because I'm a big fan of linguistics.
To most of us that aren't that cosmopolitan, I think maybe those of us that listen to NPR are like at a level of American that has the sense that,
okay, John Oliver's accent is its lower class in its origins than like say the two other British people that I worked with on Community.
Like Tristram Shapiro was a director and he sounded more like James Bond than John Oliver.
John Oliver would tell you he's from some part of London or something like.
Really? I kind of thought John Oliver was a posh dude for it.
Really?
You know, I think over here people, so you can tell the cross difference in voices.
No, we can't.
You know what we have because we were discussing this the other day.
American hegemony dictates that you're forced to know what an Alabama Walmart is and I don't know what a, we're just sure Wayne's cutting is.
To the point where I made it up.
That's where somebody poops in your chair.
But we would tend to maybe like there's people with southern accents.
We have a whole culture thing here that's where you associate certain accents with stuff.
But why am I explaining this?
I know the least about it.
But the UK is like this compressed area and you go there and even within the boundaries of London it's so confusing to Americans.
I think because we, our history is 200 years long and was defined by everyone going, I don't like this.
I'm leaving and like everyone just spread out.
You have to go, you have to grow up a million miles from someone to sound different from them in America.
And in the UK which predates cars and predates like the land of milk and honey where you just fucking split when you don't like a vibe.
Like you walk one block from the Queen's English with the epicenter of it and as, I'm about to steal somebody's stand up.
It was Rick.
Rick Overton.
Yeah, I had the joke about going to London and being like, I'm a blot, you can see the palace from here.
How does the bread go this bad this close to the bakery?
Because, because people are talking ugly.
So where are you from?
Are you?
I'm sorry, go ahead.
No, no, no, please, please, please.
No, no, go ahead.
Oh, yeah.
See, that's British right there.
It's like the way that I apologize to him and then he apologized back.
I was like, but no, no, please.
Right.
But yeah, no, I'm from, I'm from the East of London.
So I'm from East London.
So that's like working class area back job.
Right.
Yeah.
So like, and when, God damn it, fucking Borat, God damn it.
Sasha Baron Cohen.
Yes, when Sasha is doing Ali G, was he doing East London?
Okay.
No.
That's not like, that is a, that I'm trying to be so polite because I know it's been
live stream.
Are you talking about chavs?
No.
Sorry.
That's like this weird thing now where it's like, like they call them chavs.
Chav is just a way to, to insult working class.
Right.
I don't think Ali G did.
I think Ali G was satirizing people doing that.
But if there was this big influx where there's this new black face of people coming up to
me going like, what's going on, brother?
What's going on?
Bloods.
And it's this whole thing of like, and it's like, I'd rather just call me the N-word and
let me get on with my day.
Do you know what I'm saying?
It's this, this constant thing of just justified bullshit.
You know, and it's like, so that that accent isn't, isn't no one's accent.
No one actually.
Oh, well, okay.
Yeah.
But, but is that to say that he's doing a very cartoonish version of an accent that does
exist and that you can pinpoint?
Yeah, okay.
But it's more of a cultural thing, like kind of a hip hop beat kind of.
Yeah.
It's the UK version.
But that, but that particular accent, like no one is like, that's so cartoony that no one
actually speaks like that.
Right.
And it's actually borderline.
Maybe I don't want to use the word offensive, but whatever.
No, I never found it offensive.
I didn't find the offensive craft.
I saw what he was doing.
I saw a person that he was taking the piss out of people that would do that.
But at the same time, like people would mimic that.
That's a good segue to what you're currently doing for a living because it seems to me like
the word offensive probably has a lot more callous around it for you because you're right
now drawing a paycheck going around talking to Nazis and stuff.
Yeah.
Like your show is hate thy neighbor, which I haven't seen yet, but I can't wait to.
But because you're just going in.
Are you because I don't I can't tell from the trailer.
Are you are you so like outside of the whole like concentric constant, the cosmology that
you're like, yeah, race is bullshit.
And this guy is a white militant.
This guy's a black militant.
I mean, what's the difference?
Or are you like actually just going, these are weirdos.
Let's poke them or somewhere in between.
Like what's your kind of.
I mean, did you know what?
Like what?
Because I do stand up in it as well and just stand up, use words to the through line.
And a lot of people would like, we have to tell them what the show is.
And they were like, oh, he's going to take the piss out of me.
I go, listen, I only take the piss out of your ideas.
I never take the piss out of you personally.
I never say, and this fat dude or this skinny.
Right.
You know, it weren't that.
But you say that to the subject.
Yeah.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'm willing to hear you out.
But then if there's something that comes up that I don't believe in, I'm going to say it.
And so when it cuts to you doing stand up in the show, I mean, are you, aren't you talking
about going and doing these interviews?
And how are you not, how are you not taking the piss out of them?
Well, I'm taking the piss out of their ideas.
So I think if their ideas are being willing to put up, then they're being willing to take
the piss out.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
I feel like that's okay.
I mean, I don't think like those are people with no teeth.
I'm not going to say you no teeth.
Really?
So yeah.
I think that's like, you know, that's like my thing where I didn't want to do that because
that's easy.
That's a line that we're becoming conscious of now that's like, it's like newly forming
in the sand for us, especially with comedy, because it's like, if you're a big fat dude
and you're racist, and I mean, it's like really like, it makes perfect sense to us that turn
about as fair play and we should just talk about how fat you are.
And we're kind of like trying to find the lines there.
Like we've just now figured out that you can't just talk about how disgustingly ugly Kellyanne
Conway is.
Yeah.
Like you have to focus on the disgusting ugliness of her ideas.
Because I'm standing here and I say that I have all this morality.
There was one time where I did do that and took the piss out of them personally because
they insulted me so much because they basically like, basically what it is, I went to this
bar in Georgia, you know what I should do, so I went to this bar and surprise, surprise,
I weren't allowed in.
I think it's because I wear glasses, I don't know.
So they let me in and then the guy comes out and he's like saying like, look man, you
can't come in because we spoke to the other Nazis and we had a meeting and they said,
if you come in, then we can't guarantee your safety, right?
And the best bit was, I was with my all white camera crew and they said, the camera crew
can go in, but you can't go in, right?
And I was like, that's fucked up.
So my camera crew went in, but little did they know that all of my camera crew were
Jewish.
They were the little Jews, but they went in and they're filming it and the owner of the
bar comes across the road and he says, and he's like, why are you standing there with
binoculars?
And I said like, oh, they said I can't come inside and then he goes, you can come inside
now.
And I said, no, I won't go inside because at that point, I was like, if I'm not good
enough, then I ain't good enough now.
What changed their tune after time passed?
Because it wasn't the owner.
It had the owner of the Ku Klux Klan bar.
This is the best bit is I was telling him about all the races that I heard and at one
point he went, what, in my Klan bar?
He was surprised.
What, here?
Oh, hell no.
Oh, here, sir.
No.
And he was like, and then at one point he goes, you should come inside.
We've got good chicken wings.
I swear to God.
And I was like, I was pretty loaded.
He didn't say that.
That's not bullshit.
And you're like, listen to my voice.
Yeah.
Do you want to lie though?
You said, I won't hurry.
I like that he said he didn't say that, but he owns a Klan bar.
So stereotypes isn't really a line he won't cross.
No, it's like, it's putting such a fine point on it.
It's like, it's like, it's really committing to being the typical ass way.
It brings up an interesting point and also a scary area though, because I think a lot
of us are more comfortable with the idea that that's what Nazis are.
The behavior you just described, that they're like sims that when they see a person of color,
they go, nope, nope, nope, because, because that sort of assures their destruction.
It's like, it's like looking at MP3s and being like, no, thank you as a record industry.
You're just like, okay, see you.
And that's, that's, that's, that's, that's the hard part is because on that same episode,
so how do that happen?
And got, you know, I got my life friend, like someone friend to lynch me and stuff like
that.
And to people, to people who sent lynch me.
And then I went to this other guy's house named Dan, and, and Dan Burnside, and I spent
time with him and his family, his wife hating me, but he was, we, we built this weird relationship
where he had these fucked up views that we were totally different on.
But then he was like, actually not a bad guy, it's just he had these messed up views.
And that's where the weirdness came into it.
Like, I'm trying to, you know, do this documentary with this guy where people like, he's a likable
guy, but he just has these horrible views, and it's that weird thing of, you know, isn't
it?
I mean, we, we, we keep on, we had a guy that did a documentary, we didn't have the subject
of it, and I can't remember his name and I should, but the subject of the documentary
is this guy that in America for decades, that's been his thing is that he counsels probably
maybe with people you've sat down with, that he, he, he sits with them.
He's a black guy and he, and he collects their old uniforms and all this stuff, and he has
a big collection of them.
You saw that documentary?
Yeah, I didn't see the documentary, but I heard about it, but you should, you gotta
watch.
Fucking crazy.
He done people I did with as well.
Right.
That name almost sounds familiar, that Burnside guy, because I remember that going like, that
seems like a name that Rob Schrab would name something in a comic book, because it, the,
the, the, but isn't that the scarier thing, or I'll speak for myself, that is the scarier
thing.
It's that, it's these, it's these Twitter conversations.
It's the idea that, that, oh, they, they're not just like keystone cops that live in basements
and shine their jackboots under posters of Hitler that they only cover up if their Jewish
meter reader comes over.
Like they're, they're, they're, they're out among us and they're, they're comfortable
enough buying fruit loops in a grocery store full of people of different races.
But it does, that doesn't make them jump up on a box and say, I can't be in this room,
there's too many black people.
Because that would be easy to handle.
And what's, what's scary is that they're just like, ha, ha, ha, and joking around with
us and influencing elections.
And like that, now that's, I mean, I wonder what's scary about that is that it's like,
it forces us to do battle with ourselves because all of a sudden there's not just a cobra action
figure that you can throw down and say G.I. Joe won.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I mean, it's, it's, it's the sort of, it, it, because being with like the Nazis
and the Klan and all of that, right, the dudes that wear the robe and wear the swastika
tisha and walk around and go, like those guys,
Shut up, shut up.
That's what they do.
Like, because I'm an expert in the Nazis, mirror, mirror, mirror, that's some secret.
Hey, language there for you, but anyway, dear Harmontown, I have never been more offended.
As I sit here in my compound sharpening my bayonet, I regret that America has fallen
to bigotry.
Your guest, Jamali Maddox, did an impression of a Nazi anyway, sorry.
But it's like, yeah, so it's like those dudes, uh, uh, funny enough aren't the scary ones
because you know where they are.
And to be completely honest with you, man, that's what's making, what's what kind of
weird about it from, because I was making a film, I didn't want to be like, oh my God,
worry about these eight guys, you know what I mean?
Because it is just eight guys doing, it's burning a swastika badly, right?
But it's the, it is the guys who then don't suits, you gotta worry about.
It's the guys that have, that have decided that's a marketplace and who maybe half believe
those guys and half don't and who at any rate are like, I like votes.
Because you can't, you can't, the thing is like, the thing of like this whole idea of
a white utopia where you're gonna walk around and only see other white people go, who a good
white dude?
It doesn't exist.
A good white dude?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, like it's a little different.
The guy, the leader of that group lived in Detroit.
How, how can you live in Detroit and not once interact with anyone from any other race?
You can't.
It's literally important.
You would not eat.
Well, what you see in that documentary, when you watch it.
You wouldn't eat, you wouldn't do nothing.
When you watch that documentary, there's two things you might, you might notice.
One is that all of these guys get tired, like, like, I think racism and misogyny both kind
of like, you don't become a good person, but you can get bored with hatred.
Like you, especially if you are well healed, like prosperity and age, even independent
of each other, but especially combined, there's nothing, there's nothing more harmless than
an old, rich, former monster.
They're just like, did it, nailed it, bye.
I'm gonna eat some Cheetos and play some video games and it's like they might not have atoned
with anything in themselves when the most active parts of their lives were, you know,
the most important.
And so you see a lot of that and you also see young people of color asking the question
of this older activist who, you know, is so admirable and is, it is, it is willingness
to go into the mouth of a lion like that.
But then they're saying like, so you made 50 old ex-racist friends and we're out here
in the streets inhaling tear gas with cops that say they're not racist and all this stuff.
So it's like, that's why you got to watch it because it's just fucking amazing.
It's one of those things where there's no heroes or villains, you just walk away bummed
and confused and like freaking out.
And then you go back to England and you're like, fuck them.
Well, I've done the episode in England, it was the same show over there.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, no, it might be worse.
I don't know.
I guess that's the other place that we can go.
So I wanted to talk to you about that.
Can I ask you a quick question?
When you do the show, without revealing too much about what the secret, the magic trick
of making that show great, you know, like in the production side of it, but how much,
like, did that bar know you were coming or did you guys just roll up on that KKK bar
in Georgia?
Well, this was the issue is that, so my producers had to go to the bar the night before because
they were planning this swastika line because what it was, it was all these different white
power groups coming together to form a super white power group and then they were coming
together.
Racist Voltron?
Yeah.
Racist Voltron.
Just go together.
It's like the Holocaust never happened, right?
As I say, we aren't the world.
We can't all be the right arm.
Somebody has to be a leg.
That's funny.
It's shit.
But yeah, so, yeah, so it was all, it was all that.
And then so then they, so they had to go over there because our connect, our link was
the leader of the national socialist movement and he said we could.
And then when we got there, they were like, so he was like, hey, I've got this documentary
from group.
Okay, okay.
And the presenters, Brownskin, dude, yeah, he ain't coming in here, right?
So then my producers had to go and my producers there for like, I was trying to convince them
to let me in.
But the one guy knew that you were coming in.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, he knew I was coming and then he got outnumbered in
votes, prepared that vote and so then they were like, he can't come inside or he can't
come.
And then the guy came anyway with a deck chair and beers, like I knew they wouldn't let me
in.
So I was watching the swastika line from the side of the road and then the guy came in
because the owner wanted us to move the cars into the lot bit.
And so the guy came in.
So then they knew I was there.
Wait, so there's a thousand Nazis doing a parade and you're a lone black dude with binoculars
across the street?
Yeah.
That seems like, like, seems a little risky.
That's fucking hilarious.
Yeah, man, no, I've done some dumb shit, but like, yeah, I don't matter, I don't, I
do not.
I look back because like people ask me like, one of the main questions I get asked is,
was you scared?
And it's like, not at the time, only when I get back to the hotel, because I've done
dumb shit.
Like, I went to this white power music festival in Ukraine and we didn't have security, like
no security.
Like, and I remember they, our vice asked me, do I want security?
And I was like, no, man, no, Karoy, and I don't know Karoy, but I wanted to stay
uncomfortable at the time, and we just got, and then people like threatened, you know,
it's like a mad, you know, some mad things that I did, I wanted, I don't, yeah.
What is it propelling you then, if fear isn't stopping you?
What is propelling you?
Is it?
And what is it by the time I realized what I was doing, I already signed the contract
to do the show, and you're like, I got to do the show right.
That would make me, if I, if I like accidentally sold myself as some kind of like social evil
conneval, I would commit to it.
I mean, if I was like, because I'd be like, fuck, I had the only thing worse than eating
this tarantula egg is looking like a dip shit, like, like, but like, this is like, I want
to keep it funny.
So I'm sorry.
It's going to take a dip here.
They're used to dips on this show.
I appreciate it.
But what, what, what kind of drove me with the show is hosted by a dip?
Okay, Bruno.
It's like, I've done like the first episode and it was kind of light and then the second
episode got really heavy.
And all I remember is that like the reason I carried on like, and was willing to do crazy
shit and dumb shit was like, I went to that refugee camp and it was like the most oppressive
thing I ever seen in my life.
You know what I'm saying?
It was like sadness.
Like, I, you know, I've never seen like sad, sad as shit in my life.
And if I want to, if I'm not so sad, don't matter what spectrum on the political debate
you are, if you're right-wing or left-wing, that you can't negate how sad that thing is.
And that kind of, and for people to sort of, not even just say, look, we don't want them
here for economic reasons and, you know, and those reasons, which, you know, which is debatable,
you know, you can have those debates, but it's the people saying, fuck them, they're
dirty.
You know, that they're dirty and I couldn't, I couldn't, I couldn't not then go and, and
try and understand why the fuck they think like that.
Right.
That's what I'm talking to that feels like that.
It's, it's all people that are only reading about it on Facebook, right?
Nobody that's ever come that close to.
No, of course.
Of course.
I mean, yeah, there's that, there's that as well.
But, you know, it's like, I know being there is way more heartfelt and, you know, visually
crazy and you dare and you, you feel it.
But even like watching that show on YouTube, I can't look at that and then be like, fuck
them.
You know what I'm saying?
No, no, my therapist has alerted me to the fact that your, the cells in your body, including
the cells that react to light and symbolism and things like, your body doesn't have a
gland that filters for Facebook and YouTube or film and TV.
Your body, if it sees what is unmistakably a man who's been shot by a police officer
and the gun is trembling in the cop's hand while his wife behind the camera is taping
at his kids in the back seat and the blood seeps through his clothing.
And you try to go to work that day and just get your world's greatest grandpa coffee mug
and like, like, like we act like that's different, way more different than I saw a guy get shot
today and watched him die.
Like, like we, there may be some little difference because it was on Facebook and you could close
the laptop.
But your body experienced trauma and we, anyways, whatever, I, I, I, I explain things.
The, but, but, um, the, the, when you went, you went to a refugee camp, what I'm curious
about is because I, I feel like we keep hearing about this refugee crisis.
Now, the crisis is that a bunch of people need to get the fuck out of somewhere where
they're going to die, right?
And then you see transcripts of Trump talking to the Australian PM and it's like, he's
like, it's, it's 1200 people that Obama made a deal with to take in and like, like, like,
there's, there's people all over the place that need to get the hell out of dodge.
And like, I'm not trying to get out of soapbox.
What I'm trying to wrap my mind around is it's, it's sort of like this, the thing we
have in America where we have this like pedophile thing where there's a chart of like how much
we think about pedophilia and it doesn't correlate to a chart of pedophilia.
And I'm wondering about this refugee thing, like how big is the problem?
And the other thing I'm wondering is when you go to the site where you are face to
face with a refugee, is there anyone in that area that is either that, that, that isn't
a paid to toe the line of like keeping them miserable?
Yeah.
Like, like that person just has to, that, that's their job.
If you ask that person, they have to tell you, this is my job.
Is there anybody, there's nobody around there that's going, yeah, keep them out.
I mean, do you know, sure, this is, it's that kind of show.
Oh yeah.
That's, that's, I was like, shit.
Well, first of all, are you going to attack me?
Wait, wait, wait.
You know, I was just sounded like you said Matthew McConaughey, but my name is Matthew
McConaughey.
What's up, brother?
Wait, it's not, it's not your real name.
Wait, it's your, your name is close to that, but it's not.
My name is Matthew McConaughey.
Oh, McConaughey.
McConaughey.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Without revealing anything that's going to get me arrested, I used to serve in special
operations from 2001 to 2007.
Can you explain what special operations is?
I was a ranger in third battalion 75th Ranger Regiment.
Can you explain what that is?
Imagine that we've, most of us have just, from playing with Legos for 30 years.
He was in a super elite branch of the army.
Okay.
Like the, the highly trained, like the Navy's had to seal.
I mean, I can, I can sugarcoat it.
I was really good at killing people.
The rangers are like the Navy seals up the army.
Well, okay.
That's offensive.
Let's say that's another podcast.
Okay.
All right.
You, you said it best.
Your, your point is you, you've had elite access to.
Right.
No, not even that.
Actually, before that I was in the big army, which is like the guys that join at a high
school and I'm like, I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm going to play saxophone in the army band.
Oh, wait.
I'm in the infantry.
Here we go.
I feel like this might break into it.
Like a thing about, I know the truth about the Illuminati, man.
So I went to a Turkish refugee camp in Iraq in 2000.
When did we invade Iraq?
Yeah.
It's been a long time for me.
It's been rough.
I mean, we've never stopped invading Iraq.
I think I know.
Yeah.
When did that stop?
It's sort of like visiting your parents.
I don't know.
We just do it when we need laundry done.
I have so many friends who are still there and it's like, okay, good.
So yeah, I went there during the invasion invasion and then about like seven months
in, we went to, I hope I'm not going to get killed for this.
We went to the Turkish, there's a Turkish refugee camp in Iraq and those people were
so scared and really at the end of the day, what it comes down to is people are afraid.
Like those people, they had a small armament there, like weapons that we didn't even have.
Like 50 cal, they had at least three MAH deuces there, 50 caliber machine guns.
They had machine guns left over from World War II that I, which, you know, if I could
have saved them, I could be rich right now, but I didn't because I was young and dumb.
Anyways, it was really interesting to talk to these people.
I bought an owl off of one of them for 40 bucks.
It was pretty cool.
Was your job to keep people from getting somewhere?
No.
I used to show up every day, not die and not kill anybody, I guess, but sometimes, you
know.
That's my job.
I know.
Yeah, exactly, yeah.
We were just, we're talking about refugee, like, we're talking about refugee, like, the
fact that we're like, we're having these moral quandaries about whether we let in refugees
whether we judge them, police them, shut them out, and what I was saying was...
How many refugee camps are there in, where you live, that's up in the hills?
What is that?
That's a...
I drive up there all the time.
What is that?
That's a...
A little speed list.
Yeah.
How many refugee camps are there up there?
There's none.
I think there's like a monastery that I'm a little suspicious of, but I think they mainly
do aromatherapy.
Here's...
Here's Katy Perry bought that, you know.
She did.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Here's my input on that is that...
So I've been to refugee camps, I bought an owl off of a kid that was probably something
like, you know, five foot nothing, 40 bucks.
The owl...
And he tried to...
The kid...
Was it a five foot owl or was it...?
His name was Harry Potter.
That...
All right, can you...
And he was...
No, no.
And he tried to...
So far, this sounds like a pretty cool refugee camp.
It was pretty cool.
You could buy guns with an owl?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
They had a ton of weapons, but at the end of the day, what it was, is they were scared,
like, they had no idea what was going on and we had just invaded their country, which they
already...
It wasn't even their country, like, they were...
They were guests in the country that was hosting them, that we...
They escaped from another country, and they...
This other country that we had largely reputed as being, well, it was led by Tyrant, but
they were scared.
It's fear.
At the end of the day, fear drives all human emotion, it drives all human activity, like,
it's...
And at the end of the day, like, you can...
You can talk shit about every human being that you want to, but fear is, like, what
drives us.
It's so overpowering, we're not better than fear, we're not better than what created
us.
I'm still trying to place you on a map of ideology, though, because I felt like we were
just talking about, like, something that didn't even really have a gender to it.
Oh, yeah, and I'm crazy, yeah.
I went to the DNC, I went to the Democratic National Convention, and I was a burnicrat,
and I got chewed out by a bunch of people that hated me.
But you...
Woo!
But I also used to kill people for a living, and I was really good at it.
You presented yourself as if you had a kind of counterpoint, like, we were talking about
how refugee camps are bad.
I'm talking about refugee camps.
You're like...
Well, I've got a thing or two about that, and you're like, you've got to remember, they're
shitty places, and everyone's scared, and I bought an owl.
And I don't...
That's fair.
And he said, if he could do one thing different, he would have bought more weapons from them,
because he would be rich.
That's true.
How many weapons have you bought from refugee camps in your life?
That's the second time you've done that, that thing, like, are you high-roading me about
refugee camps?
Like, how many have I done this?
Just the one.
Yeah.
Well, you're not embracing...
That's fair.
...the profit of possibilities of going to a refugee camp.
But what...
I was providing my input as to actual refugee camps in a war zone, like the real world that
we don't live in currently.
They're bad places.
Their refugee camps are bad places.
Let's see if we're...
Well, are they?
Let's see if we're Matthew McConnelly.
Matthew McConnelly.
Thank you, sir.
Special ops.
Thank you, Dan.
Let me say one point, though.
Oh, sir, sir, sir.
Fuck that guy.
That guy.
That kind of scared me a bit.
But...
A little bit.
But, like, it's like, I went to two.
I went one in Sweden, and I went one in...
I went to the Cannes one.
Not the Cannes one.
That's the film thing.
I went to the one in Calais.
I went to the refugee camp in Calais.
I went to the one in Sweden, was, you know, there was a lot more sort of hope there, and
there's a lot more, you know, people sort of thaw at the end of the tunnel in terms of,
you know...
Well, yeah, because Swedish refugees, I mean, what are they, fleeing massage?
Yeah.
No, these are...
This is a refugee camp.
I mean, these are entitled people.
I got to get out of Sweden.
This chocolate is too creamy.
I got to build my own furniture.
Are these Syrian refugees, I'm assuming?
Yeah, these are from all over.
But then, while I will say that, so there is, you know, I did see a difference, you know,
and I went to the one in Calais, the day it burned down.
And that was the fucked up one.
That's the one that kind of changed my life a bit, watching that.
Why did the camp burn down?
Because there's two stories that I heard that day.
Number one is...
Because basically it was the day that they were kicking everyone out to bulldoze it over.
And one of the accounts was that the refugees were burning down their homes, and the account
number two was that there was sort of a nationalist firing, nationalist burning down their homes.
And so there was two counteracted, but like I saw one guy, who my camera guy knew, who
was...
So my camera guy's walking and he sees this guy and he just hugs him, and this guy, he's
looked like he hasn't like fucking slept for like a year, and he's just covered in
soot.
Hasn't worked for a year?
He's slept for a year, and he's covered in dust and dirt.
And he was saying how like, wear all these fires, he's just like a volunteer fire guy,
and he's going and fighting these fires that are being kicked off, because all that generators
and stuff, so it's just catching the light in that.
I don't understand brave people.
And that includes Matthew Mcconnelly and you, and some journalists we've had up here.
My hat's off to anybody that serves and that is fleeing.
There was a quote I saw on Twitter.
It's just black and goes to a KKK bar in Georgia.
That's fucking...
That's not brave.
That's just nuts.
Yeah, that's just dumb.
There's no bravery.
I think bravery is kind of like, you know, all I did was just make a mediocre hour show.
There wasn't like, oh, bravery, you know, I was cutting this line, bro.
You've been doing stand-up and I've seen it and it's like, you're very good.
Like you've been doing it for like four years and like, but that's not your roots, right?
Or is it?
Like what was your...
Like before I'd done this, the documentary, I was just stand-up.
I tried to act and I was awful, man, and I probably delivered the lines like, give me
your money now.
Now.
It was fucking horrible.
And then...
But yeah, I was at stand-up, man.
So I done my first show at 16 and I got brutal stage and then I didn't do it again until
I was like 18.
And then I...
You must be quite young now, then.
I'm 26 now.
Okay.
22-year-olds don't think so.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's like a weird thing.
It's like the oldest I've been.
Yeah, exactly.
So I can't look at it until you're like, oh, I'm really...
I'm just the oldest.
This is the furthest I've lived.
I remember 27 is the worst because you're too old to complain but you're too young to
complain about that.
How old are you?
And so at 27, you just spend a year at the object of judgment of everyone older and
younger than you.
They're like, fuck you, old slash young man.
I like that you sort of ruin my next birthday.
Yeah.
But I will tell you this.
You see your next birthday?
That whole year is going to be terrible.
But 27, I think, is the best, like short of 29, but 27 I think is a little better because
it's syllabically more complicated.
I find syllabically complicated, odd-numbered birthdays are fucking fantastic for when
you want to say, I'm blank years old, I don't have to put up with this shit, whether it's
helping someone move, driving to the airport, or buying a Honda, whatever, you can just
randomly apply it.
If somebody is like, well, maybe you should get this car and you're like, I'm 27 years
old, I don't need that fucking car.
And they're like, wow, that sounds like he's true.
It's a great point in your foot down here.
I'm constantly saying now I'm 44 years old, it just doesn't sound legit.
They're like, so?
Yeah, you still got to do shit before we go.
Talk to us when you're 47, wait, I'm 47 years old, we're having a clown on the show.
People will be like, no, Dan, he's close to death.
He speaks with that power.
Spencer, how old are you?
I'm 28, no, 27, 8, 28.
See, 27 is a birthday you don't even want to admit, so you just want to put leaves on
it and run away.
He took a year less life to say, I'm 28, I'll take a year less.
I think we'd all skip 27 if we could, for some reason.
But there's that one thing you can just say at Hot Topic, I'm 27 years old, yes, get
out the XL's.
Hey, Jamali, how many of the episodes, you said you did six already, you got 10 more
coming up, you said?
Oh yeah, down off the first was to say that, but fuck I could say.
Yeah, I'm doing, I might be doing more, I think.
Oh, are we allowed to talk about that?
I don't know, man.
There was one thing, you were telling me...
I don't read the contract, but I'm sure they'll sue me if I fuck it up.
I'm sorry.
Can you talk?
I don't read that.
What if I just got your show cancelled?
Yeah.
That'd be amazing.
There was a guy you were telling me about today, when we first met.
You told me about the fish guy, but...
Oh yeah, not after that.
Yeah, okay, yeah.
You'll have to wait for the fish guy, and you won't know who's the fish guy, because
the fish had nothing to do with it.
But so, just as an ambassador of the UK, like what, so since November, but also it's like
it was like, Brexit was happening, and then November was happening in the States, the
elections were happening around the same time, but there was like, Trump was tweeting, they're
going to call me Mr. Brexit, because I think his point was, it's kind of like talking about
a dolphin.
I think what he was saying was like, everyone keeps assuming that nationalism doesn't have
a foothold, but pretty soon they're going to say, I'm also a nationalist, like guess
what I'm sorry.
I'm not curious, like on the world stage now, it was easy three years ago to say, you didn't
even have to ask a Canadian or an Englander, or an Englishman, or any of these other yahoes.
You never had to say like, what do you think about America, because you knew the answer
would be like, pfft, not America, pfft, and you'd be like, you're jealous.
Now it's actually, the irony of nationalism, it seems to me, is that it's like, we're all
experimenting on a global scale, this is happening all over the world, all the countries are
becoming more childish, more secure, more isolated, which actually makes the conversations
like, what do you think about America, more interesting and like less predictable, because
it's like, what has been happening over there?
How do you guys, we're over here, like kind of going like-
Are you asking me, how do we process America now in England?
Yeah, like what's, I mean, obviously the answer is that you can't make a statement for all
of England, but with circles you run in, or like the, I don't know, like what's the-
Well, I mean, we kind of had the rise of sort of like really more hard to write politics
in England, and I think it's sort of been, I think it's the same as, and I think people
I speak to kind of understand that like, a large pusher of the more right-wing ideas
is because of the large push of the other left-wing ideas, you know, and I think when
both of those ideas get bigger, they sort of react on the others, and everyone's left
in the center, you know what I'm saying, it's like, you know, other like, you know, I'm
not far left-wing, but I'm not far right-wing, you know, there's people in the middle, and
that debate's never spoken about, and it's like, we've always kind of had this idea
that you people were crazy, that we always have, like, your coaxes are too big, your
food's too big, everything's just too big, like, we just think you're mental when you're
so big.
You were like the Las Vegas of the planet.
Yeah, yeah, like, we think you're crazy.
Everything's legal over there, it's better to have a TV show there.
You know, now we think, you know, it's, so it's like, you know, I wasn't mad shocked
when Trump got in power, you know what I mean, I wasn't, you know, me personally, I wasn't
shocked, you know what I'm saying, because I think what Trump does, because I kind of
felt it in England of there, it's sort of like-
Oh boy, it's that time when Spencer's car gets broken into.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I could go take care of that.
Is that a serious thing that happens?
Yeah, it really is his car.
Oh, is it really?
I thought he was just using that as a cheap opportunity to go get high.
Yeah, yeah, right.
That could, I mean, Spencer would have like an egg timer, yeah, that his car, he tells
his car, call me out to get high at ten minutes before.
The weed, the weed is way too strong here.
The weed is strong here.
Oh, the weed is ridiculous here.
Oh, because you guys are like-
It blew my mind.
Yeah.
I, I, no, don't cheer it, it's disgusting.
I hate it.
Nah, man.
Nah, that weed is too much, man.
This is not, you can't, you can't enjoy it.
It's just, I can't.
Yeah.
I'm saying, I-
Well, I, I agree with that, but I'm from the country of 44, like, like, like, like, but
it's, yeah, I, I, I, I, I, fuck Harmon, get your shit together.
Um, there, there are people from the Rangers here tonight, um, fucking, have some fucking
integrity.
Um, I, I got a, I got a tin of mints that were like, like, it's like, they're like,
it is like, there's this gourmet kind of like, that's the nice thing about legalization
is like, now there's like, this guy gave me, he's, he's shooting some stuff with Starburns
and it's about drugs and so some people, some companies gave him some stuff and I get like
this gourmet, like, like, like gilded, like, 80s dark chocolate kind of, like, wrapping
and like, there's a, there's mints and they're like, you suck on one and you get just barely
high, like, for two hours and it's, anyways, that wasn't worth commenting on.
There is, there is a little, I mean, I think that the kids these days, which you are one,
but you've, you've invaded American soil, but I think the kids your age here, they're
like, they're like, they're fucking desensitized or something, like, they're smoking some monster
gonj raw.
I just, I just don't think we should be grown by dudes in lab coats, like, I don't want
to smoke that, that's, that's too much.
I mean, I feel it should be legally okay for that stuff to happen, but it should happen
like, it should happen while Richard Attenborough is watching and like, like, yeah, it should
have, there should be a different thing, like, I, I, I mean, weed got you high, that's how
we found it, you know, like, it didn't need to be like cross-bredged.
I'm not saying, I'm not, I'm not saying we should make it legal, but I'm just saying
it for my, for my personal taste is too much.
Yeah, no, that's all.
I'm saying the same thing.
And I'm saying, hey.
Oh, cool.
I'll have another debate on legalization.
We're on the same side, bro.
I'm saying once it's, once it's so legal that it's all good everywhere, I'm saying there
will be the emergence of these things that I am old enough to find, which is like, casual.
The old dude weed.
Perhaps me eating you out should be a little more psychedelic, you know, like, just kind
of like, forensic files amount of weed, you know, like, like, that was a pair of bifocals
should make tonight's quite an event.
I went into a, Jamali, I traveled a comedy group, and Greg Poops is a comic, if you're
aware of him, and Greg, Greg smokes the strongest weed on the planet Earth, as he says, he
is like, where do you, where do you get that he goes from Dagobah, if I give his weed
a stern look, I'm fucking dead.
Like it's, it's, but we walked into a, we're up in up, uh, upstate Washington, where the
weed is very, that was like, it's totally freely, reparationally available.
And we walked in there and this is all the, it's like 10 a.m. and these four like stoner
dudes that are working there, who all clearly know the show that we're on.
And they just, they're all really high in the morning, like, oh, so Greg is like buying
like the funkiest, hardest ass, he's like, I'll take one of those, five of these, a double
whammy, a triple walnut, like he knows all the, all the, all the, you know, the whammy
and the walnuts, man.
That might have been the ice cream place, but, uh, but, uh, I, I had to talk to the
guy, I'm like, what's the weakest shit?
And, and, and, and, and what's the sticiest, like the, just the worst, like what, like,
what wouldn't you smoke?
And Greg had to walk over to him and like explain, like, like slum it.
Like, like, what's stuff that you would be bummed out if somebody offered it to you?
And I took that and I went and got some chocolates at this place in Seattle and I sat in my
hotel room, it was the best.
Yeah.
I, I was as high as I could possibly be, but like, Greg stuff, forget about it.
I just, I, if I go to Portland or somebody, I got, I got, I just, I just go like, I'm,
my grandma has back pain.
And then they give me what gets me high enough to like have a, end up on TMZ.
Yes, yes, yes.
My, my, my, my wish.
My pair of kids in the story flow.
I hit you with a lot of stuff though.
You're like, wait, am I what?
But I did want to ask you, like, so, so just now let's talk about comedy, but relating
to politics.
Because here you are, you're half my age, you're British, and, and, but now we're living
through this time.
So, your perspective is totally different from mine, but like, what is a comedic creative's
obligation or what, what is a good philosophy to follow when shit hits the fan on a global
scale this much?
Because I can't, I just keep falling back on, if it seems like you're in a history book,
then politics aren't politics, they're current events.
If it doesn't seem that way, but, but I don't know if how much of that is a refraction of
like, but, but you're, so what's, what have you thought about this, like, how political
am I allowed to be?
Yeah, no, I, I, do you know what, like when it comes to comedy and writing comedy is,
is, it's like, I try to, to just be honest about how I feel about that thing and not
try and tell the line of, of being like, I'm going to say this because I think this has
a moral obligation.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I don't think I'm morally obligated to wear anything.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
Like I'm a free person.
And, and like, my person, and my thing as well is like, I'm not even like, I'm willing
to hear a point of view I don't agree with in comedy sometimes.
Do you know what I mean?
Like I find that shit interesting.
Do you know what I'm saying?
So if there's a dude who has a totally different political view to me and there's a comedian
out there who has that view, like say it, you know, as long as it's funny and, you know,
say it, like that's, that's your freedom to do it, you know, like I, I believe in freedom
in comedy.
So like me personally, I don't think I'm morally obligated that like, oh, these things are happening.
And I must put on my black turtleneck and smoke a cigarette.
And so I say, what's wrong with the world, man?
Like, I don't know.
I'm a comedian.
It's a weird area because some, some comics have the philosophy that I do understand,
which is that comedy is its own political party where we're like, we're supposed to
be funny above and beyond anything else and anything that impedes in humor is like that's
fucking Satan.
You should do it.
Like, I think if you have the, the, the opinion and the intelligence and the, and the, and
the point of view and funny, then put it out there.
Do you know what I mean?
I think that's great.
And I'm going to hear it.
You know what I'm saying?
But at the same time, I don't think, I think, I think there's also, I don't think every
comedian should now be Bill Hicks.
I think, I think if someone does one line, it's kind of, you know, when you're one line,
you know what I'm saying?
I don't think.
Well, you definitely have to be, yeah, you have to be honest.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Like, like, so there's, there probably are comics out there that are probably regrettably
being like, you know what, I'm, I, I have this opinion and that opinion, like, but everyone's
just going to boo me.
You know, and that person probably, you're, you're like, you, you and I wouldn't want
that person to pre-sensor themselves, but we would want them to try to figure out it
to be funny.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Do you have a question?
You see, like, if I'm not over here, is there, is it, is it, is it harder to talk about Trump
than it was to talk about Bush?
Uh, well, if you talked about Bush, this is my perception.
Could it both, like, quiet?
If you talked about Bush, now, but there's a million variables here.
But if you, in my perception, if you talked about Bush, you were being, you're bringing
politics into your comedy and it, it, it was like needless.
But maybe, maybe.
Well, like, there was a band called the Dixie Chicks, uh, there still is probably, uh, and
they were, they're, they're, uh, they're liberal-ish and they were performing in Texas, I think,
and they said that he's not my president, we're not proud of the president, and they
got all sorts of shit.
If you, if you go on stage now and don't talk shit about Trump, like, that, that, like,
the show wasn't a good show.
Like, like, you, you're required to get up and talk shit about this guy.
It was something really funny and ironic about that, that it was braver to be political when
we were talking about, you know, like, when politics meant a little more boring because
we had things managed and then there'd be like, drone strike here or an invasion there
and we, it was all manageable through Ted Koppel and all this stuff.
So, so if you were a rock band and you came out and said, we're going to do some stuff
from our new album, but also I want to talk about dangling chads.
There might be like a bunch of booze, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're like
booze from people going like, fuck you, Leonard Skinner, I wanted to, I just wanted to, I
was making up bands and relationships, but, but, but the, um, that's, I guess that's kind
of my question, which probably a 26-year-old, uh, maybe doesn't even have the answer to,
which is like, how different is it now and how does that difference equate to an obligation?
Because sometimes I sit in my five bedroom house in Los Feliz and I go, nothing has changed
for me.
So why would my, uh, material change?
And then I go, you were talking about how you don't wash your ass, like you need to
keep talking about what you're thinking.
You just said that, like talking about Bush was less important.
It's all subjective.
It's less important to me.
So that's part of what it is, is that I feel like, I kind of like, I feel, it's a little
bit of like a, what do you call it, a, uh, an atonement, a, uh, confession, uh, when,
when, when it's, uh, uh, making up for, like, like, I, like, I, uh, amendments.
Yeah.
But wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Penance, she said.
Penance, but amendments also.
Do you think it's, but do you think if people, but my word also, that rhymed with your word.
Well, but do you think, do you think that if people start talking about Trump, right?
And it's sort of the thing of like, all right, we all got to talk about Trump.
Do you think then it becomes like a fad and like people just start doing it for the sake
of doing it.
And then it kind of loses it.
Sure.
When you see.
But I think, yeah, I think that's the danger with all.
Yeah.
That danger always looms with every, any issue that everyone's talking about is that I think
people who are like, it's, it's, it's so, so hard to unbraid from like, if I were to,
if I were to say, hey, Trump's a piece of shit, and let's say I get three people booing.
One person might be booing because they're like, your comedy's lazy.
Another person might be booing because they're like, I voted for him and I want to forget
about it.
I was wrong and I came out to drown my sorrows and laughter.
Stop reminding me I'm an idiot.
And then a third person might be a ghost.
Who's trying to give me a treasure map, and I don't know, it's, it's, it's, it's sort
of like, it's making me very curious because it's not like I'm like haunting the stand-up
clubs these days.
I'm, I'm kind of like, I'm, I'm vastly approaching the threshold where it's like, like, according
to my predecessors, the baby boomers, it's like, I'm getting to an age where I can kind
of clock out and be like, ah, world's a mess.
Give me some ice cream.
You know, funny enough, like a lot of people I know kind of don't even really do the Brexit
thing anymore.
Because I think a lot of them feel it's been like played out a lot of them.
Oh, that's the third boo.
The third boo is the person like, like, like my audience might, like a lot of us are like,
I, I, please, like, I watched John Oliver, I watched, I watched, I watched, I watched my
Twitter feed, like, like, like, like, just keep talking about how you jerked off of the
sharpie in your butt once, like, like, you know, like, like, like, like, you don't have
anything new to say about it, but yeah, continue.
No, no, no, no, no, you've pretty much summed up, man, that's it.
I mean, I'm done.
No.
Yeah, like, you know, it's such, it's such, it's just, I've never, and like, and you know,
I've not been in comedy for that many years, but I can't, you know, remember a time where
it's been like this.
You know what I mean?
Like, this is, this is, this is a weird fucking time, and it's hard navigating as a human
being and navigating as a comedian, you know what I'm saying, and sort of what, what my
arts got to reflect, you know, and, you know, as what I do see a lot of is, and I don't
know if this is right, but, you know, I think there's some great comedians who do it, and
I've sort of done it sometimes myself is people kind of see what the issue was of why maybe
Trump got elected or why Brexit happened and attack that, and not necessarily attack the
thing or the voters or the, the, you know, the image of what, you know, Trump as this
is that one dude, you know, they're trying to attack the things of why that happened,
you know, because there's so many reasons of why that this is happening, you know, and
it's, and I think, I think some of it lies on economics and all of that stuff that I'm
not intelligent enough to understand, but I think it also lies in social shit, you know,
I think, I think, you know, we, we spent a long time of telling people to, to, to shut
up if we don't agree with them.
I think that's happened for a little while now, but being honest, there's-
It's crazy how the internet is what actually has made that the most possible.
Yeah.
I mean, I well thought, if you told me, if a Martian came down and pitched the technology
to me and said, everyone will be connected, I'd be like, oh, so there will be a little
less binary thing.
Yeah.
No.
This act, it's crazy.
It's, it's, it's like, like, we are obsessed now with firing this person, get rid of that
prayer.
Like, we, we, we really-
Words hurt.
Yeah.
The thing is that we live in this weird spectrum where it's like, it's like, it's like, it's
like, you know, you've got to, you've got one side of just like, say nothing, words hurt.
Right.
It's like, why can't I say nigger?
And it's like, why can't there be a middle ground though?
Like, you know what I'm saying?
Like, why can't we-
Look, say nothing.
Words hurt.
I'm just saying the words.
You know what I mean?
That's the problem.
Also, in England, that word means diaper.
It's just a, it's a form of marble.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
That as well.
Yeah.
But yeah, that, that, it's the, it's this, we, we, we, we were having all these debates
about like what you can say, what you can't say, and all it's like, that, that was the
other thing about that documentary that I, that you have to watch.
It's 9-11.
Was that, was that an accusation or something?
He has a lot of stand-up bits driven by how he, he looks a little bit like Osama bin
Laden.
Yeah.
But we, we probably should have, I probably should have done that concept rather than
a cool guy to sing that no one's ever seen.
But yeah, I don't know, I was, I, I, it's, it's, god damn it, it's, it's fucking, it's
something that nobody could have predicted is the fact that we would actually connect
to each other telepathically and that that would actually usher in an age of, of like
a really kind of weird like pre-Columbus suspicion of the other.
Like it's, it's almost, it's like, it, it, we're, we're, I feel it in my own bones.
Like I, I'm a really bright open minded guy that grew up on the internet, but we now just
like, we've, I feel like I have been indoctrinated into scanning information on screens through
a, a, a, a chip of, is this person an enemy or an ally?
And if so, and then the flow chart proceeds from there, which is so dangerous and, and
so profits only the worst of the bad guys probably some level of coexisting, I guess
that.
I mean, because, because that's the thing is that in that documentary, there's these
young black activists who are sitting across from this guy and one, and, and, and he says,
do you think these people can change?
Do you think a white racist can change?
And one of the guys kind of reflexively goes like, no.
And they're like, whole fuck, because that's how we all feel about the enemy.
Don't approach them as if they're people that can change because like liberals in America
are like, I'm fucking so sick of this goddamn fucking suck in the dick of these fucking like,
like the, what are the fuck people you told me I forgot and Trump's my punishment for
forgetting them?
Ooh, can I listen to you some more?
Well, they abuse us and go like, ooh, snowflake, that feeling's meekie boo boo.
You won.
Fuck you.
I'm the troll now.
You Nazi pick.
All right.
But yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's heightened times.
We are in more danger of a, we revert to fight or flight or really fight and to fight.
Like we have nowhere to go.
But so I asked you a question and then I answered it.
Yeah.
Great budget.
I mean, you asked the question and you answered it way more articulate and I will work.
I'll probably do one word on that.
I don't know.
I'm upset.
I feel like, is this, is this interesting for you guys?
Seriously.
You are great audience.
I could, usually they go like, it's 9-eleven and then like sometimes when there's like
a thoughtful guest, they're like, it's, it's 9-eleven.
They're, they're, they're, they're mostly engrossed.
It's weird.
I got, you know, I don't want to be thrown in this spectrum now of faultfulness.
You know, like I still, I still, you know, because it's, because I, what you said, the
world was like, what do you think your role is?
Like I still want to talk about, you know, like weird places I've come.
Like I still want to, you know, I still want to, you know, talk about.
Well, I have a great idea.
Why don't you come back?
You're here for a while working on your ratio.
You should come back.
Yeah.
I'm going to talk about all kinds of stuff.
Let's hear it for Jamali Maddox coming out here.
Jamali Maddox.
Watch his show, Hate Thy Neighbor.
We really have to promote that show or we violate his visa.
You have to watch Hate Thy Neighbor.
Yeah.
It sounds awesome.
Hate Thy Neighbor.
It's a great title.
The visa thing is really complicated.
You ever talked to a, a, a UK person that comes over here.
Like, I remember when John Oliver would come over to do community, it was like so fucking
complicated.
It's weird.
Who can get, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, who gets citizenship?
Yeah.
Because the last time people just left England, they started, they started another country
and told them to go, fuck off.
They've been, they've been hurt before.
I had Ludwig Gorinsson who did all the scorer for communities, Swedish, Swedish, am I going
to offend him?
Is that where he's from?
Swedish.
And I had to keep, I had to, like, sign a thing that, that verified that he was a genius
because he was in a genius visa because he was like a visa that said, like, like, he's
not stealing a jarb, you know, like, like, like, you can't find a composer like this
in the States.
You know, you have to, like, sign a letter.
This guy remakes music that I can't believe.
That's how we got Spencer.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Spencer's here in a dungeon master visa.
Yeah.
I was going to say a genius bar because he worked at the Apple store.
Okay.
So, let's, let's, let's get Levy up here, shall we, Steve Levy, you in the house?
Hi, everybody, what's going on?
How'd you think that went, Steve?
I thought it went great.
It went great.
Yeah, I really like him.
Yeah.
We, we, like, hit it off as soon as he, as soon as we met.
I know.
I'm glad I set that meeting.
Yeah.
Oh, you did.
That was me?
Okay.
Well, maybe I don't like him.
Too late.
I control my fate is what I'm saying, like, all right.
What's going down?
I'm going to start exercising.
Start exercising.
Get back on the trip.
I'm going to.
I, I saw myself from the side.
I saw, I saw it.
Which video?
Don't do that.
The Ryan Elder, this guy just music for Rick and Morty, there's a shot of me talking on
the phone from the side sitting and I am a, just a ball of, and that's, if, if you are,
you're fine.
Don't think about, oh, I have to, like, if you're happy, like, like fucking, you're perfect.
Like, I have an issue and I'm old and I need to, like, it's about cholesterol for me.
It's not about how I look.
I have a fucking perfect life.
If I, if I, if I thought I could live for a thousand years, I wouldn't do anything physically.
It's that I'm worried about.
I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to, I don't want to make it to 69.
I believe you.
Yes.
Not for the bit.
Oh.
I can see that roughly people, men who, in America, who have achieved a little bit, like,
they're tending to drop off at 69.
Nice.
Like, it's, it's, it's, and then it's like, yeah, I don't want to live to 80 if it means
I never did acid.
I did lots of acid.
I can take 69.
How much acid?
What kills you at 69?
I don't know.
No.
I did acid, let's say, eight times in my life.
Did it, did it change your life?
I had a friend who, he did acid and he was a different person after that experience.
In a good way or a bad way?
In the best way, yeah.
Oh really?
Yeah.
He, he joined the, my buddy, Rangers.
His name is Matthew.
My friend, finally.
No, no.
He's like, I got to get out, I got a country to serve and he like left.
My friend, Jeremy, he, he grew up in a house.
He had two chiropractors and his mom wouldn't let him take any like prescription.
Wait, I'm sorry.
Did you say he lived between two chiropractors?
No, no.
His parents are two chiro, whatever.
Okay, I got, I got, yeah, I don't know.
He wasn't allowed to take prescription medication, so he always lived in fear and we lived in
a bubble town and he always thought he was going to get sick and, and die and we went
to college and there was a day where he did acid with a couple friends of mine and like
the world opened up to him.
He started asking questions about like society and religion and like the education system
and just things he never thought about and, you know.
I mean, you see a lot of talk on intervention about, well, you know, pots or gateway and
all this stuff, but I'm like, you know, I will say that I don't want any lawsuits because
I'm talking to anyone 20 and over.
I'm like, acid is a, it's a decent truck stop to stop at, like, just to check out before
you turn 30 because after 30, you're, you, you're going to be like, you're going to
take acid and you're going to be like, I haven't done my taxes.
Why am I doing acid if I didn't do my taxes?
But when you're 23, like, like, like I, I'm only speaking from my experience.
It was just like, I, I'm the biggest, the word pussy's not really, I'm trying to out
mode that, but like, I was the biggest pussy in the world about, about, about like, like
drugs and stuff, but, but, but, but when I was in my 20s, I was like, what, what, what,
how might this kill me and as a result, plus being lucky, I, I, I, I did acid and mushrooms
and stuff like that and I do think they, they give mushrooms to PTSD people, like PTSD people.
It's like the fucking Fraggle Rock, like there's PTSD people in the corner.
They're like dozers or whatever.
People with PTSD, they've, they've clinically, I get all my news from NPR, but yeah, that,
that, that, that Silo Simon, like it, it clinically gives you a sense of perspective that until
you get it, you don't have it and that can actually be incredibly helpful for things
that we haven't otherwise figured out how to treat.
Uh, anyways, explained it to you, explained it to you.
Spencer, did you ever do the, uh, the acids or the mushrooms?
No, I haven't done my taxes.
No, I was just, what if you do your taxes and then take acid and then it's like, that's
the best advantage to dream.
You get so high.
Yeah.
I don't know.
You can act, you can actually fly.
That's awesome.
It's the only way to celebrate doing your taxes.
The first time I did it, I did it with our friend Matt Young and a little back house
in Echo Park and it was like, it was surrounded by trees and it was really safe and he's like
the perfect guy.
Mushrooms or acid?
Acid.
And we, he goes, just do a little bit and he walked me through and he's like the most
like caring, nicest guy and we just, we just sat there and listened to music and it went
outside and like, like looked at the trees and it was like the greatest.
It was really amazing.
I did it, I did it in, uh, well, my friend Sean McKenna, like we were doing Coke and
he gave me a tiny piece of paper to put this under your tongue and then I asked him what
it was and he said it was, it was acid and that was my first acid trip, but it turned
out okay.
And then the second time I did it, I just, I remember being with Frito, my high school
buddy, Dave Frito, who you've met on the show maybe, and we were in Milwaukee and we were
like, we're on acid in my house in Milwaukee and I rented a house and I remember like ending
the night with like, just at the stack of newspapers and we were going through the Family
Circus, uh, comics on acid, it was fucking fantastic.
That's good.
It was like, what do you mean, why, why do you, why does it matter if Billy spilt these
cookies or not?
Like, I don't know, it's just kind of like blows your mind and then, and then Price's
Right comes out and you're like, what, Price's Right is the most important drug experience
that any young American can have.
When Drew first got it, I went on his advice, he's like, go a little high, go to the audience
and watch it high.
I went to, I went to a Price's Right taping so high, my mom knew I was high from watching
the Price's Right because I was in the audience right between two bidders, that's like that
high, but I'm probably a standard deaf TV because this is my mom in the early 2000s.
But you were amazing because she could still see how red my eyes were and how amazed I
was at the savings.
I was sitting right next to you.
I was sitting with you and you were kind of being like, I don't know if it was weed paranoia
or social anxiety, but on the way, you looked a little tense, you weren't like, you didn't
seem totally comfortable.
Yeah, it was very high.
And then when people were yelling out, I'm like, yeah, you know how much this thing costs.
And he's like, I don't know, I'm like, I don't know, I'm yelling, I'm like, I'm like,
you can get in there.
Also, I think I told you mistakenly, the reason why they sit the guests of Drew or whoever
right behind the bidder's row is because it's actually not a great place to be seen on camera.
You must have been right in the hole between.
No, I was after my mom showed me, she put it on DVD, I was like, whoops, I looked like
a Jim Brewer character, but I looked like the Jim Brewer character.
But at one point, Dan got swept into it and I think they were bidding on the on the on
the Plinko chips and they didn't know how much this costs or how much that costs.
And Dan was like, it's the kitty litter, it's the kitty litter, it's the kitty litter,
it's cheaper.
I tell her, it's the kitty litter, the kitty litter, you started yelling at the kitty litter
and then she won it and you were so happy, it was really great.
It was really, really good.
It is like, especially through the lens of like now after the elections and stuff and
now the world that we can see that could happen, like, whereas before it might have been like,
you're a tool of the state if you're saying it's fun to sit and get high and watch prices
right, but like, unless you're laughing at the capitalism.
But now I look back and I go, no, that was a wonderful guppy tank for capitalists.
It was like, you could be 20 and get high and pretend shop for the same shit.
Like, when you're, when you're that age, you're like, you're, you're about to go to
Target and, and comparison shop plungers and stuff.
You're going to buy your first plunger and start thinking about what, oh, this plunger
is cheaper, but I might need more later.
And it's kind of exciting the, the, the, the anyways, but I went there high as a, as a
grown man.
And he's like, when that fucking yodeling dude came out and it was like, oh man, when
Hans comes out, as I told you, cause I said, like, we don't know what's going to happen
because you don't know what the games are going to be.
But I was like, we're praying that, that Cliffhanger comes out.
Is it Cliffhangers?
Cliffhanger.
Yeah.
And when, when he came out, you and I, I think we, we embraced.
That is some fucking, that was designed by like an SS officer that was trying to exploit
THC influence or something, I was like, I said Alpine climber and I'll design the yodels
and like, it was, it's all designed to like freak you out if you're high, but if you're
watching a TV and it's like, cause Bob Barker would go, let's, well, you thought this, let's
take a look and there'd be a pause and then this fucking puppet would go, for no reason.
There was never any reason for any of the conceits.
It would, he'd just be like, let's go to moon of savings and it would only be guessing
prices of shit, but there'd be craters.
Fucking genius.
But the one that we went to, she like got the first two like really short, like Hans didn't
do fucking anything.
He was still at base camp and then the second one went a little bit longer and she missed
by a lot.
But like stopped about half way up, she's got, Hans had half the mountain to go with
the final thing and she bid and it wasn't like the crowd kind of went, ooh, I don't
know about that.
And I was like, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
And you and I were just freaking out.
And he went right to the fucking last one and stopped on the very edge and it was bedlam.
It was, it's so loud in there, cause I got to host that for a little while, I announced
it like to come on down shit and like, you go home with nightmares in your head cause
it's, it's, it's like, it's like the noise of a Beatles concert, but about kitty littering
pleasures.
The most fucked up thing about going to a Price is Right taping, the most fundamentally
fucked up thing is that you're sitting in chairs and your angle of view is so different
from the cameras.
You, you have to go like this to remind yourself that there's that linoleum with the 70s flowers
on it.
Like it's like, it's above your line of sight and the whole, it's like, that's, that's
if only if you're sitting in the first couple rows, like the stage is like, yeah, humble
brag.
All right.
Well, speaking of getting really high Spencer, you want to play some, some D&D right now?
And can you have some, can you have some recap lenience and because we, we haven't say, say
that again.
Can you have some recap lenience because we, I don't remember anything.
Jeff and I re-listened.
Yeah.
This is going to be the strictest recap all year.
We, we didn't do a whole lot, but it took us eight hours to do it.
So it's, it's, it's going to be a pretty easy.
Okay.
Right.
I got it.
You're going to have to drop and give me 30 while I do it because I'm being strict,
which is a quality of recaps.
All right.
Last time they met doctor, no, not a doctor, farmer, Manille and a diarrhea junior ingratiated
him with some carefully timed snacks with Manille on their side.
They spent a good 25 minutes haggling over the price of cow carcasses and then eventually
settled on, I think too gold a piece, I don't know, it was a bad deal, but it was good for
the farmer.
You guys, you made a costume of the cows and went out to be bait towards a creature that
seemed to be attacking at the cows and eating them or killing them.
And then it came and, and you guys made a noise, I think and scared it off.
I jumped and yelled.
It was going off away towards a church and we were towards the church.
We were in hot pursuit of this robed flying figure.
Hot pursuit.
Now.
Okay.
All right.
So I'll go ahead.
It's evening time.
You're headed, you're, I mean, you're, you're facing the direction that the creature kind
of took off in, which is again towards, towards the priory, the church.
And yeah, it, it, it didn't make too much noise or anything.
You basically only heard it's footsteps.
So we know the direction it went, we're running after it, where we can still kind of see it,
even though it's dark out.
And I, I say we run as fast as we can and not slow ourselves down by dwelling on the
fact that you kind of, he was like 30 feet away from when you sprung your attack.
I won't, I won't explain my reasoning until later.
Okay.
That's fine.
Yeah.
Told, told you to wait, told you to wait for it.
I just had that feeling.
I just felt like we were going to wait and wait and wait.
And then it was going to go away.
And then Spencer would be like, what do you think happens if you wait that long?
And that's the thing is that that's the same thought I had that caused us to end up burning
down the poor family's house.
Like I, it's called metagaming.
Right.
I'm not even trying to punish it, but I'm doing what I do in real life.
But the good news is even though it took us all day and some of the night to get practice
and looking like cows, we did find a flying robed figure.
So that's a lead.
So let's, let's, let's, let's, let's asses and elbows towards that figure.
We had that whole conversation like Hannah Barbera style.
Backgrounds are the same.
Just keep passing the same burning door.
All right.
You make it back to the priory.
It's that old stone building.
It's pretty old.
Once again, you see, it seems to be boarded up.
It seems that it's more reinforced than it was before and sitting outside is a Patchens
again.
He's sleeping.
It looks like patches.
Yeah.
He was the first guy.
That's the kind of kind of weird faced dude that we met before.
Patchens was a young church boy who is guarding the front exit when he was, that's not the
one that Carlos threw the water on, right?
No, that was the prior.
That's the episode that we did in a tent at Chris Hardwick's cult.
The best one.
That was a crazy place, huh?
It was.
Whatever.
All right.
So are we at Patchens right now?
Well, yeah.
I mean, let's say you're in the clearing outside of the church.
I'll put you at 20 feet off, but he's asleep in a chair.
But we lost sight of the creature.
Yeah.
It took, it was really fast.
Like you were running in the direction it went, but it disappeared pretty quick.
But in the direction of the priory.
Right.
The only buildings in that direction in town.
Yeah.
Okay.
I go up and I rouse Patchens out of his sleep.
All right.
You do that.
He wakes up.
Hey, what's up?
You guys.
Hey.
We're in hot pursuit of a robed flying figure.
We have reason to believe he's entered the priory.
So we need access.
We need to get in.
I can't get in right now.
They wanted me to guard this place and they kind of just boarded it up inside with me outside.
When they told you to guard it, what did they tell you to do if anyone attacked the place
or if you had to give them any news of an impending attack?
Just not to let anyone in that we were under attack.
So they sentenced you to death, really?
I feel like I should be understanding what you're saying, but I don't.
We're saying if an attack happens, can you get in yourself?
No, no.
Wait.
No.
So you've been left out here to die?
Well, no, I'm guarding.
I mean, in a way, guard duty is always being left out to die somewhere.
No, that's not true at all.
Guard duty usually, by default, would be someone, that person would have egress, ingress.
You could be guarding from the inside.
No, I'm not.
I'm not super thrilled about this.
I'm on your side.
I mean, I'm locked out of the church.
What is the priors' name again?
That's a great name.
Berthold Abernathy.
Was that it?
Urkel?
Father Abernathy.
Berthold.
Father Urkel Abernathy.
Or Berthold.
Berthold.
Can I tell you something, Patches?
Yeah, yeah.
Your management, which is a lower rung of a church we represent, someone in there is
spooky.
Yeah, probably.
Something ain't right.
And we the good guys, I don't mean to get urban on you.
All right.
But I'm saying to you, like, if you were our ally and told us how to get in there to investigate,
because we just followed a cattle mutilating floating man right to this spot.
He's wearing a robe.
I didn't see that.
Of course you didn't see it.
You were sleeping.
Oh, right.
Right.
Good point.
Well, yeah.
No one's cut.
Well, the door's fucked up.
I mean, we can break it down.
I'll break it down.
No, there's got to be a quieter way in, Patches.
Can we go back?
You seem pretty proud of your guard duty status.
You were asleep when we got here.
So get off your, I'm not, you know, I'm not good at my job.
I'm just trying to help.
Okay.
Well, you know what?
You want to really do something good?
Want to make up for that?
Work with the A team over here.
We'll never judge you.
What are you doing?
I thought I was already on your side.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What do you want?
You know what I like about you, Patches, is you're kind of stealthy.
You were stealthy about your guarding, and you're also, you know, all the quiet ways
to get into the...
Yeah, that rogue figure probably thought you were just another corpse out in this wasteland.
That was, that was, that was smart of you.
Like, where are the sewers?
Where's the, where are the, the, the, the, the underage girl shoots?
Huh.
Things you'd expect in an organized religion building.
Um, well, we don't have those.
Impressive.
Uh, we, uh, can you, can you call out to, uh, Father Abernathy?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
No, wait, wait, wait.
We want, we want in, don't we?
Yeah, but we could, I mean, I would...
You should, you should light the door on fire.
That's your move.
It's your signature move.
Father Abernathy!
I say you should light it on fire.
Let's, let's, let's give, let's give him a minute.
It's a big priory.
What happens?
You wait, let's say, three minutes or less if you choose to.
Okay.
I just think you guys, I think that the odds of it being someone inside the priory, and
the odds therefore of it being a church official are high, making this a, uh, a sensitive mission.
A stealth operation.
Less of a hack and slash, more of a infiltrate and celebrate.
All right.
Makes sense.
Uh, I, I exempt, I, should we all kind of split up or examine the, the, the church?
Well Patch is here, I think is holding out on us in ways to get into the priory.
I think there's, I think there's milkshoots, I think there's mail drops, I think there's
chimneys.
Well, you need to talk.
Yeah, I, I would agree.
Well, yeah, we could go in the inside.
This, there's, there's multiple buildings that kind of form a perimeter, perimeter around
the inner yard, but then the inner yards, it's got smaller doors.
They're just kind of people doors.
They're not, they're not so public, you know, they're probably less reinforced.
Who knows.
Let's do that.
Patches, who's the weirdest of your bosses?
Like the one who's been behaving recently, the most strangely, the father, he's been
super suspicious.
I mean, the prior, he's also the father.
There's a lot of redundant church.
Is he the father prior to being the prior?
Yeah, yeah.
We'll be right back.
All right.
Well, that goes both ways.
I mean, if you were the father of an infiltrated church, you'd be paranoid, but it also, if
you were a Dracula, you'd be like, does anyone know?
Right.
All right.
Patches, lead us into the, the perimeter buildings.
He takes you around the right side of the building into, there's kind of a narrow, narrow passage
way.
It's, it's, let's say it's three feet wide and it's covered in like, what do you call
it?
There's like barrels and all sorts of thing, like, like storage items, boxes that are, that
are holding kind of stuff for horses and yard work, but it's all just piled in kind of precariously
and then over it is a big iron net that's made out of iron chain links.
So it all looks kind of noisy, but there is, you know, you could go through it, it'll just
be loud or you got to be real careful or something.
So it's like, it's like an attached garage with a lot of loud stuff in it.
It's like a side yard with a lot of loud stuff in it.
Patches, is there a quieter way to get in here?
Do we, do we have to go be a one man band as we walk in here?
No, we, the cellar access is on the inside, but yeah.
We go in another door, but most of these doors are boarded up.
Let's see, I'm pretty, I'm pretty stealthy.
My spell loadout was, I did offensive to your number.
Yeah, I believe so.
The third one.
Yeah.
I'm not very stealthy.
I don't really have any magic that can help us.
I mean, I'm a gnome.
Is it easy for me because I'm smaller to kind of like shimmy through this noisy box and
chain area?
You are smaller.
Yeah.
All right.
It's too much easier.
Guys, do you want to try some of these boarded doors first, try to pry these off, or do you
want to go?
I guess one more question.
Patches, is there, are there any functions coming up where, I mean, these doors are boarded
up like these guys are relegated to, they're just going to stay in there and never come
out.
Are they, are there any town hall meetings coming up where?
Well, there was a big ceremony, but I don't know anything about that.
Tell us about the ceremony.
I don't know anything about that.
They just said, said it needed to be guarded.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, the ceremony happened in there.
I don't know, man.
I think you don't know if the ceremony happened in the, I don't think it's happened yet.
There's a ceremony about to happen.
I don't know, man.
They don't tell me nothing.
This guy, they locked me out of the fucking church.
We should light that door on fire.
We got to just get in there.
Yeah.
And the fire isn't loud, right?
I, I, fire isn't loud.
What do you wait?
What are you suggesting?
I don't know.
We'll light that door on fire and they're like in the basement.
We can't light, we tried lighting doors on fire.
It's mostly stuff.
It got us here.
I have the feeling we don't know if here is better than where we were before we started
lighting doors on fire.
How about this?
I'm an optimist.
Why don't we just stay in this passageway and just dress up like cows again and wait?
All right.
Let's, let's, who's stealthy?
Who's stealthy?
I am a four.
I'm not very stealthy, but real quick.
I have the feeling this, this boxes and chain kind of situation is kind of a crude alarm
system, right?
Sure.
Well, I mean, it's a de facto one.
Yeah.
De facto.
It's like in a video game where, but I'm metagaming.
All right.
But that's accurate metagaming.
Okay.
I mean, it's like a, it's like a tough place to crawl through.
You're going to have to impress us like Katherine Stena Jones and you know, I, I, I don't have.
You're going to have to do your little booty move through the, I, I, I have a lot of dexterity,
not a lot of stealth.
Do you have acrobatics?
Uh, you, you know.
Oh.
All right.
Well, dexterity is good.
I have some stealth for what's your dexterity to top left 15, I got to teach you how to
read that.
Paches.
He's more dexterous than me and he's more stealthy than me.
Yeah.
No, he should go.
What, what, what do you think I should do?
I think you start, try to get through and like just see what you see on the opposite
side of this debris here.
All right.
I want to, and then you can tross us a tross as a rope.
It's a, it's a, uh, uh, from an upstairs window, I bet.
Oh.
Okay.
I want to dexterously and stealthily make my way across the room past all the loud metal
stuff.
You said your dexterity was 15, right?
Yeah.
The roll of dice.
15 plus anything?
Plus two.
Ooh.
17.
Uh, the roll of dice will be on my phone.
You're not just being a loof.
No.
John Favreau needs a GM and you're like, dude.
All right.
You successfully, yeah.
No, I left my dice somewhere.
Sorry.
Uh, you successfully sneak through the passageway and make it to the other side.
You're in a large kind of, uh, inner, inner sanctum kind of inner, inner yard area.
It's a large inner sanctum yard area.
What do, what else would you go find out?
There's a place where you can throw us a rope that we can climb up.
It's a, what's the answer?
I want to cross, right?
I didn't go up.
No, you're right now.
You're just across.
Yeah.
How far, how far away is he from us right now?
Uh, 20 feet.
Okay.
So he's right by us.
Yeah.
It's just a, it's like a side yard.
Okay.
Do you want to try it too?
Should we?
Did it look easy?
Or did you just?
Is there a cellar door nearby?
Uh, not that you can see.
Do you see it?
Do you see any, any other doors over there?
Look around.
Feel around too.
Examine your surroundings.
There's always secret stuff.
All right.
I walk around the perimeter and look for doors.
Um, okay.
Around the perimeter.
You walk around the perimeter.
You see, you see a door and a staircase.
Yep.
That's all you see in the yard.
There's a two, two, uh, horses that are tied up and, uh, they look great.
Look real nice horses.
The nicest horses you've seen several days.
Um, you guys, they're the nicest horses I've ever seen out here.
Stay, stay focused.
You don't, you don't understand.
We have to let, we have to take these horses with us.
If we, if we can hear you, people inside can hear you.
You can't, you don't have a walkie-talkie.
Whatever that will end up being.
They're beautiful.
I can't hear you because you're being quiet.
Does the staircase go up or down?
It goes up.
You guys, I'm just going to go exploring.
Shhh.
I, I, I, I'm sorry.
I, I'm going to go up.
Yes, go.
But they're so beautiful.
Stop talking about it.
Just go.
You have to see.
If you get caught in there.
Beautiful golden fur.
Spencer, I go up the stairs.
All right.
You do that.
Um, you do that.
You go up into a room.
It looks kind of like the room of a, a tavern or an inn kind of.
Uh, it's, it's like from a video game.
It's a narrow hallway and each side of the hallway is flanked by three doors.
It seems like it's like a sleeping quarters kind of upstairs room.
There's so many doors.
Six even.
Six, six, six doors.
Let's, let's see what's behind door number three.
Okay.
Go with your gut, man.
Go with your gut.
All right.
You open the door.
Wait.
Sorry.
You open the door.
Oh, it's nice.
You see a chest.
There's a chest at the floor of a bed.
Like a treasure chest.
Well, there's just chests as a more standard form of storage in this world.
Oh, that's not exciting.
So there's a chest and there's a bed and there's a person in the bed and they're asleep because
you're still pretty quiet.
How can we, can we, can, can we have a turnout here?
Yeah.
Patience is like, Hey, remember when I held outside the front door?
Can we, are we, because aren't you kind of, you may not be stealthy, but you are acrobatic,
right?
Is there, is there a way for you to get in?
I'm not, I'm dexterous.
I'm not, I'm not super acrobatic.
I have a fly.
That sounds promising.
No.
Fly to anyone.
That's misleading.
I have a, I'm good at climbing.
I'm a great climber.
Great.
Is there, what's the outside of this building look like?
It's like rough, hewn stone bricks.
Ruff, hewn.
It may as well be a ladder.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You made this place out of ladders.
Yeah.
I, I, I won't, remember when I climbed the porcelain tower of Benithra Hall?
Yes, I do.
Yeah.
That was, it was made of porcelain.
All right.
How high is the, is this wall?
It's 40 feet.
Okay.
I'm going to start climbing that motherfucker.
Oh yeah.
You do that.
You easily make it on.
Did I say 40 feet?
Let's say 25 feet.
Okay.
You make it on to what looks like a kitchen as you can see in the windows climbing on.
And if you get in trouble up there, you guys just start yelling and I'll come blazing in
because sadly, relative to this party, I'm what the millennials call a tank.
Wait, so I made it up into a kitchen?
No, you're on top of a kitchen.
How do I know it's a kitchen?
Because you saw in the windows.
Okay.
Is there any way to tie off a rope and, and, and, and let him climb up?
Yeah.
There's a gargoyle.
Okay.
I'd, I'd, I'd sweet.
Yeah.
And those Batman games and gargoyles.
Okay.
That's fucking.
I tie off my rope and toss it down and, and, and, and say, hey, we got a kitchen up here.
Thanks.
All right.
I'm going to come up with my climb of zero.
What's your deck?
This is going to be great.
Dexterity.
Go ahead.
Dexterity is 12.
All right.
You do it.
It's easy to climb up a rope.
Tell that to me.
No, I don't.
It's hard.
These are, these are knotted ropes meant to be climbed up easily.
I'm on top of this my entire childhood.
I look around.
Can I see into the inner area?
Yeah.
You can see the yard.
Oh man.
You see two horses.
They're like real nice.
Oh.
Oh fuck.
Wait, wait, we saw.
No, no, look, you're not going to believe these horses.
I don't know.
He was, he wasn't exaggerating.
Look at these things.
Wait, how are we looking at the horses?
I'm picturing us like we climbed up something.
Yeah.
You're on top of the kitchen.
Oh, because he went up the stairs.
Yeah.
So the buildings kind of, the buildings like a big square with a big square in the middle
of it.
So you're kind of on the peripheral square and you're looking into the yard and the
inside of it in the middle square.
Oh, there's horses down there.
Down there.
Those are beautiful horses.
Yeah.
Also, across the yard, you can see, you can see like a, what are you, it looks like an,
like an abbey.
I don't know.
It looks like a fucking mission building, you know, those long kind of mission.
And in the window, you can see Steve opens the door and he's like, he's, he's walking
into one of these bedrooms and you can kind of see him.
You don't, you don't really see too well.
You just see him over there.
Okay.
He's walking one of the doors.
Let's go.
Can we, can we walk around on the rooftops all the way around this to where he is?
Yeah, but it'll end, you'll end up on top of his roof, on top of the roof that he's
under.
So you'll be on top of him.
But is there access through that roof?
Like to that staircase or anything like that?
Could we get to the staircase?
You'd have to climb back down on the inside of the yard kind of.
Okay.
Right.
Well, he saw the horses and walked past the horses.
I said, we just, we just get in there and everyone's asleep.
Let's be quiet.
Or do you want to go rooftop?
Wait, I'm, I'm sorry.
We're kind of like walking the guard wall around a courtyard, right?
Right.
And within the courtyard, there's an abbey.
Yeah.
And the abbey is now we're leaving.
Well, no, actually the buildings are like the courtyard.
They, like, or the buildings form the guard wall, like all these buildings form a perimeter,
but the buildings themselves.
Yeah.
So why don't we just go to the roof of the building that we saw diarrhea.
Okay.
All right.
And well, I'm waking, it seems to me like at least all the video games I play, that's
the, you know, may as well do that.
Okay.
I keep my rope.
You get it.
Okay.
You think, you think it's quieter to walk on people's roofs while they're sleeping or
just to tiptoe across the courtyard?
No, I do not.
No.
When you put it to me that way, I do not think that way.
All right.
I, I keep my rope tied to the gargoyle and leave it there in case we need to get out that
way.
I'm going to leave that rope there.
Are you, are you going to climb down into the courtyard now?
Okay.
We'll get down in the courtyard.
Yeah.
We'll pass the horses into the abbey.
But my rope's going to have to stay there because there's no one to get the rope off.
Okay.
Right?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's a good, it's a good rope to have.
Yeah.
All right.
There.
Okay.
So we, we climbed down.
Oh yeah.
Wait.
You climbed down the rope.
Yes.
Got it.
Okay.
You're in the courtyard.
Horses, like storage equipment, staircase, one door.
Okay.
We go up that staircase.
Steve's hall.
You see the door.
It's still open.
You see Steve.
He's looking at you.
Hey.
We need the horses.
We don't need horses.
I just.
Yeah.
This is the problem with your generation.
I want it.
It's conspicuous consumption.
You don't need those horses.
You only just saw that.
They're so beautiful.
It could hold all of my armor and swords.
I have, I have a perfect horse for you.
It's called two legs and, and, and self-reliance.
Okay.
Look, I'll make you a deal.
If the shit, it's the medieval equivalent of a fan.
Yeah.
Just a different fan.
A front.
We, of course, when we leave, we'll take the horses.
It's a perfect escape vehicle.
Great.
Yeah.
But we're not, right now, we need to focus.
Okay.
I go over and, can I see the face of the sleeping person in this room?
What?
Sure.
Yeah.
You don't have stealth, right?
I look, I look, I try to go get a look at this person and see if it's anyone we've met before.
Like possibly the, the, the prior.
It's, it's a person you saw at the church, but it's not someone you're introduced to.
It's no one very important.
We saw at the church?
Oh yeah.
It was the first time we were there.
Yeah.
You first went to the church and met a couple of people.
I just want to examine his feet.
See if there's like, or is he undercover?
Yeah.
He's in the bed.
So you'd have to manipulate.
Okay.
Should we open the, I want to, I want to talk to you guys.
Like I want to share my thoughts about this.
What we're doing here.
Okay.
Let's go in the hallway.
Hey guys.
What's up?
Let's be patch-ins.
What?
Shut the fuck up.
Don't ever, ever.
Tell us.
Okay.
I would, I would, I would, I would have a fucking sidebar, sidebar in the courtyard.
Emergency courtyard.
It's like a shit, shit my tunic.
Okay.
Fucking patches.
All right.
Did we go somewhere where we're out of ear shot?
We feel a little.
Okay.
Still lowering my voice.
I just want to say, this is, I want to, let's all share our thoughts.
Okay.
We haven't communicated since we started infiltrating an abbey.
We should open all the chests.
This is my, no.
Like that.
You can, you can say that.
You have a right to say that when I've like, like that's not a thought that I'm rejecting
or brainstorming.
But I want to, I want to, I want to say what I have to say.
I'm still a student.
We followed a robed figure.
We think that they're here.
If they're here, I'm going to throw out some thoughts.
Vampire.
Done.
Ghoul master.
Ghost.
Mega ghost.
Here's my point.
Someone here goes out at night, mutilates cattle, comes back here at, at dawn break.
They're going to sleep in a, not just hang out in a bed.
There's going to be, there's going to be, why, why do you think they hate the cattle?
They're, they want blood or, for the, for the, they also, they also killed children.
For the ceremony.
The ceremony is coming up.
The, when the patch is stuck.
Oh yeah.
We need it.
There's evil afoot in a, in this place, and that means that there's probably an evil
section where the evil is more afoot than in plain sight.
We need to be looking for subterranean egress.
I hate to overuse that word.
Okay.
Patches.
Do you know where the, where the prior sleeps, where, where is his room?
Oh yeah.
Is it one of these six doors here?
No, no.
It's elsewhere.
Is it subterranean?
No.
It's a, it's a, it's in the library.
Why do they call you patches?
Huh?
My parents?
Why?
Patchens.
Patchens?
What?
Yeah.
P-A-T-C-H-E-N-S.
How come you didn't correct us?
Is this your last name?
What?
No.
It's my first name.
Patchens.
Who do, who do those nice, nice horses downstairs belong to?
What?
Does it really nice horses down in the courtyard?
No church peoples has hortens.
I just want to leave.
That would be so funny.
No, no.
Don't go patchens.
Don't go.
What's your last name?
Stubens.
Stubens?
No.
Stubens.
Stupens?
Yeah.
Stupens.
Patchens?
Stupens?
Yeah.
What nationality is that?
It's, uh, uh, it's Thrainin.
Thrainin.
Oh, I know Thrainin.
That should have guessed.
Patchens Stupens.
That's great.
Okay.
Thank you.
Sorry.
I hope that didn't abrade you.
No, no.
It's great.
I just want to just get an accurate quote of something you just said because it sounds
like it might be a good episode title.
No, no, no.
Church people got no hortes.
Is that close?
It's close.
Oh, that's actually a clue.
It's like there's, uh, to metagame for a second.
That's like we saw Ferraris in the parking lot with licensees.
Oh, shit.
You're right.
It's a cold clue.
That's a fucking clue.
Those horses are too fancy.
We got to find Patchens.
Hey.
Stupens.
What's up?
Where are the guest quarters?
Uh, nice.
They're here.
These are the guest quarters.
Guests sleep up here.
Is this guy in the room that we were just in?
Is that one of the guests?
No, no.
Do you know where they're sleeping?
I don't, I don't think we have any guests.
How nice are their chests?
Not that kind of chest.
The one you could open and there's toys inside.
Uh, it would be in the, there's no, I don't think there's any guests here.
You just think he doesn't think there's any guests.
Secret guests.
What we're hearing.
Where is the library?
It's, uh, it's, uh, the opposite.
It's behind us.
It's the opposite way.
We have to split up.
One of us has to go up to the head, uh, prior, prior turds, uh, bedroom.
Yeah.
And make sure he doesn't have signs of dew moisture on his feet.
Right.
I'll go to the library for some reason.
No, because the library is where the, where the priors, his, his bedrooms in, or it's
near the library.
It's in the library.
Is there, is there an underground, like kind of like, like a, like a dungeony kind of,
like keep or hold here?
Hmm.
Yeah.
That's a yes.
No, not that I know of.
Can I go?
I'm new here.
Is it possible for me to get inside the church temple proper?
Yeah.
That other door from the yard is maybe the best option.
Where's that event happening?
The ceremony?
The ceremony.
I don't know.
Probably somewhere in the church that they boarded up.
I'll go in there.
Like in the non-existent cellar.
We should have lit that door on fire.
Why do you want us to split up right now?
Because we've thrown out like nine places to go.
And I, I think somebody should go down.
I'm not going to say who I think it should be, but someone should go examine those horses
and see if there's any like identifying like, you know, like saddlebag stuff.
I'll do it.
Let me examine those horses.
And you're going to check on the prioritor?
The church.
You're going to go to the library and check out on the.
Oh, okay.
You want to, you take the church.
Wait.
The church is the church.
Right.
The library is a different place and that's where the prior sleeps.
If you're stealthier, you should, the sleeping prior, you should go check on him.
I'll take sleeping prior.
Yeah.
See if there's any signs that he's been out and about.
If he's there.
If he's not there.
Jackpot.
Okay.
Meat.
Let's all meat.
Let's meet back at the church.
Let's meet back at my rope.
At your rope.
Let's meet back at your rope in.
Why did you look at your wrist?
Why did you stop and look at your wrist?
Have you guys seen Hudson Hawk?
Do you know any show tunes?
Yes.
We can sing while we check.
All right.
No, never mind.
Let's meet back.
How did people keep time?
When the moon.
The moon is descending over this part of the sky.
Before the moon touches the top of that tree.
When standing in the middle of the courtyard.
In the middle of the courtyard.
Well, let's just meet in the middle of the courtyard.
Okay.
In about five minutey things.
Yeah.
All right.
Okay, guys.
Put your hands in the middle because we can't do all this stuff.
We have to make it a dramatic thing like a serialized Netflix show.
We have to turn an ending.
You have to make an ending out of what is otherwise just an 800 minute movie.
Okay.
You're the elder of our group.
Do you want to say a little prayer to the church of the flame, the silver flame?
Guys, I believe in our religion.
I don't believe in our church.
I said it.
You found it out now.
We're in a fucking mission from the silver flame.
You believe in the silver flame though?
Fuck yes.
Yes.
That's why I don't like the church of the silver flame.
Dude, this is not the best time to be laying this honest, man.
You guys both learned from me.
I saw a promise in you.
I actually fudged some of the memos.
They sent me here on a suicide mission and I said, I want my two boys with me.
Wait.
With my right hand?
Jackpot.
See you in five.
What?
Cliffing it.
Thank you so much, everybody.
Thank you for coming.
Steve Levy.
Matthew Mcconnelly from the Armed Forces, Special Forces.
Let's hear for our guest, Jamali Maddox, everybody.
Check out his show, Hate Thy Neighbor on Vice.
Spencer Crittenden.
Thanks to everyone here at Starburns.
Thank you to Church, Kevin Day, Sarah Hills, Zach McHeaver, Kris Boruff.
Everybody here doing all the things and forgetting lots of people.
Thank you all for coming out again.
I'm Jeff Davis, your comptroller.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
There you go.
See ya.
There was the guy from West Virginia that tweeted he came for a rap.
Hip hop, West Virginia rap.
Rap, rap, rap.
Rap, rap.
Gonna rap you like this Virginia rap.
Zach, put a beat on.
I'm gonna leave the stage.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
The Virginias are divided.
They're on different side bits.
West Virginia feels like this.
East Virginia said, just call me this, Virginia.
I don't want to be East Virginia.
I just want to be Virginia.
West Virginia's like, fuck you then.
Gonna go over to the West End.
And then one guy from West Virginia came to the show to hear me rap about it.
Lame, Lee.
So I did, so I'm a man of my word and a man of my bib.
Because when I eat, I eat like a baby.
I eat your mama's pussy.
I don't say maybe.
Not unbeat.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I fucked your mama so hard, I started spewing verbally about her experience as a woman.
It's called mansplaining and it's the hot new move.
A mansplain to your mama.
A mansplain to your daughter.
A mansplain to the mountains about the meaning of water.
I said, a waterfall goes down because it hates to affect your mama like she was Kathy Bates.
And I said, body positive.
I fucked your mama, explained it to her.
And she said, well, now that you said it that way, I get it.
And I left.
And I explained some more.
And we'll explain more next week. We're doing the show Saturday next week too.
Thank you guys. Bye.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.